Minecraft Services - https://panel.staticnode.org (panel layout shown below)
	Console Tab - Here users can perform power actions on the server such as restart the server start and stop it. They can also see the server IP if it's online the uptime, the server ID (This is useful for support if you need help on your server) and the node ID they are on.	File Manager Tab - Here users can upload files and download files from their server. They can also archive files (turn them into zips) and change the file perms of Files - Here users can upload files and zip folders for their service. They can also directly edit any file. If users want to upload larger files or folders they need to use sftp with an application such as filezilla.
	Version Installer Tab - Here users can install any version of the game with a press of a button. They can also see what versions are installed and what version is currently running on the server. Softwares available are, Vanilla (Not recomended as papermc and purpur are more optimized.), SpitogtMC (Not recomended over paper or purpur), PaperMC, Purpur, Sponge, Bungeecord (Not recomended over velocity or waterfall), Waterfall, Velocity, forge, fabric, mohist(Not generally recomended as mod & plugin softwares are very buggy), magma (Not generally recomended as mod & plugin softwares are very buggy, catserver, and finally there are also snapshots.
	Player Manager Tab - Here users can see all the players that are currently on the server. -They can have some basic user management tools such as, OPing/DEOPing the users, adding and removing them from the whitelist, kicking them, banning the user, and IP banning the user plus unbanning and unIP banning. Here you can also see the OP list and the Whitelist and edit users on this list.
	Splitter Tab - is generally never used on our minecraft services unless you get a custom plan by making a sales ticket at billing.staticnode.org/submitticket.php.
	Databases Tab - Here users can create and manage MySQL databases for their server. They can also see what databases are currently created they can also see all the credentials for these DBs. Users also have the option to export their databases into .sql files aswell as upload .sql files to the server. 
	Schedules Tab - Here users can create schedules for their server. They can schedule tasks such as backups, restarts, and other tasks. Scheduals use Cron for their formatting and it is recoended to test out your cron jobs on https://crontab.guru to make sure it will do what you intend.
	Users Tab - Here users can add and manage subusers users for their server. They can also see what users are currently added to the server, what perms these users have, and can choose to edit the perms of the users such as what modules they can access e.g the modpacks installer tab.
	Backups Tab - Here users can create and manage backups for their server. They can also see what backups are currently created and can restore backups from this tab. 
	Network Tab - Here users can manage and create port allocations for their server. Extra ports allocated to your server can be useful if you want to use something like dynmap or bluemaps.	Start Up Tab - Here users can see the startup command for their server (If you wish to edit this command please create a ticket and a support member will change it for you) you can also change some of the startup feilds such as the name of the server jar file, the server jar file location, and the server jar file version.
	Startup Tab- Here users can pick the Java version for their servers. Different mc version such as 1.8.8 will need java 8 but newer ones such as 1.21 will need 21. Users can also pick the name of their server jar by deafult this is always server.jar. They can also enable SIMD operations support aswell as picking custom startup flags. Currently StaticNode offers Aikars flags and Velocity flags. Users can edit the maxium ram percentage, by defaut this number is 90%. If you have the MineHut external plan you can enable support for this without needing a ticket by selecting the proper flag for your server. Finally users can enable automatic updating this will keep the jar uptodate for their versin of the game. For example if you use paper 1.20.1 and they release a newer version for 1.20.1 it will automatically download it for you. And finally users can enable a malware scan that scans all their files on the server startup. 
	Settings Tab - Here users can change the server name, the server description, and change the egg. You can also see the SFTP details aand the longer server ID that may be required by sysadmins for some issues.	Activity Tab - Here users can see the activity of their server. They can see what actions have been performed on the server and by who.


Common issues with minecraft servers

A lot of issues can be casued by not having enough ram available for your server. Modern version of minecraft generally tend to need a bare minimum of 4-6GB of ram to run with a handful of players. StaticNode does have a disclaimer and will not provide any refunds if you attempt to run a modern version of minecraft with not enough ram. If you are unsure of how much ram you need for your server please contact support at billing.staticnode.org/submitticket.php. Keep in mind modded version of the game and large modpacks will use more ram than the base game. For the best optimization we recomend following this guide for paper or purpur https://paper-chan.moe/paper-optimization/ (note purpur does have more to configure).

For a lot of server performance related issues we request that you install the mod/plugin called spark and run a spark profile then send it here or to support at billing.staticnode.org/submitticket.php. This will help us diagnose the issue and provide a solution. Here is the download link https://spark.lucko.me. 


For other issues please use the internet to the best of your ability to try and help our customers
